hello today I'll be teaching you guys
how do you fix your Raider you probably
have had problems with the cocking
mechanism and the trigger so what you'll
need you'll need well obviously your
Raider need to test starts a clip and a
Phillips head screwdriver so let's get
started
ok so so first we need to take your
Phillips head screwdriver now if you had
problems with the cocking lever or the
trigger you're going to want to move
your stuff out of the way
set the gun numb it'll be two screws one
there and one right there so well
unscrew those okay so now you should
have gotten these two screws out now
you're gonna take your radar reader
you're going to slide it off gently then
you should be left with your accessory
piece then you're going to take your gun
and a forward and fire it now I
already did this maintenance online but
inside of here from the factory there
might be like some clay or some stone so
what you're going to want to do you're
going to want to keep copying this and
don't be afraid it won't ruin your nerf
gun until until all that stuff comes out
or there might be some inside of here so
you can either wash that out or just tap
it out but if you wash it out make sure
it's dry otherwise I can really ruin the
spring and everything in there so now
well screw it back out and may
sure um this like smiley face piece
isn't upside down make sure it's facing
the correct way now i'll rescrew it okay
so now once you had this girl and the
bottom one in you're going to take your
take your knife punch a Raider you're
going to do one pump look at the back
make sure nothing flies out do another
one and repeat it like five times so
once you're done with that let's keep
the gun on the side you're going to take
your clear clip it has to be clear so
you can see how the bullets are going
through and you're going to take your
two darts so you load them in okay so
they're all loaded all you need is two
after you do this the first one might be
a dot of what the second one will go
farther so after you fire pack this back
put in your nerf bolts pack it forward
then you should be ready for fire well
thank you for watching this video after
you've done this I really hope it helps
you I mean I think this is a pretty cool
nerf gun when nerf has been having
problems so here's one of the ways to
fix it um please subscribe and leave a
like down below and thank you for
watching